START| QUEST, LOOT| You are a pirate navigating the sea with your lads on your feeble, wood pirate ship, highly susceptible to sinking by means of a barrage of enemy canon balls. You have set out on your voyage, and you have a decision to make. Do you a) attempt to complete a quest and acquire treasure or b) look for enemy ships to sink and loot?

QUEST| ALONE, TEAM| You are on a quest to devil's ridge, where skeletons are defending the treasure room, and they will not go down without a fight. Once you get to the island, you have another strategic decision to make. Do you a) place faith in your fighting skills and defeat the skeletons by spreading out and attacking as individuals or b) coordinate a unified push against the army of skeletons?

ALONE| CUTLASS, SNIPER| You are confident in your skills as a duelist and choose to take on the skeletons by spreading out. Now you must choose your weapon, do you a) use your trusty cutlass or b) use the sniper?

CUTLASS|| The cutlass never does you wrong...right?? WRONG. You underestimated the strength in the number of skeletons coming your way and hand-to-hand combat is simply not enough to evade your fate. You are doomed to death and never reach the treasure.

SNIPER| AMMO, TROUBLE| You have been practicing your shot and choose the sniper. You decided to take the north end of the island and start working your way up the beach. There are skeletons with bows and arrows on the posts raining fire from above, but you have skeletons on the ground to worry about first. You take out the first wave of troops with ease, not missing a single shot, but the next wave is a far more imposing edifice. You start to make a dent but quickly realize you underestimated the number of skeletons you would need to take out and are running out of ammo, but wait! You hear your friend on the eastern coast of the island crying out for help. Do you a) go back to the ship for ammo b) run to help your lad in trouble?

AMMO| ENGAGE, IGNORE, EVADE| You decide to go back for more ammo in hopes tht your friend can make it out with his own strength. Luckily, he does and the crew recalibrates back at the ship. This time, you and the crew decide to attack the island as a unified front. This decision ends in success as you finally make it to the treasure room and load the loot back on the ship. In order to cash in the loot, you must travel back to the tade post on the main island. You and your lads begin singing sea shanties as you bask in your victory, but this victory is short-lived as you see an enemy ship approaching. Do you a) engage with the ship b) ignore the threat and proceed as if you saw nothing or c) change your path to evade the ship?

TROUBLE| RETREAT, FIGHT| You think about all the times your friend has come to your aid and choose to answer his cry for help. As you approach, you are stuck with fear at the sight of your friend being swarmed by skeletons (perhaps splitting up was a mistake!). If you don't figure out a way to do damage quickly, your friend will not make it out of the swarm with his life. On the way over, you remember you snuck a fireball in your pouch and decide to toss it in the direction of the crowd in hopes of giving your friend a chance to get away. Your throw was a success! The skeletons catch fire and frantically disperse. You run to catch your friend but see that he is badly injured. There is little time to think, however, as more and more skeletons are approaching. You have to make a quick decision. Do you a) retreat and carry him back to the ship or b) stand your ground and take out the next wave?

FIGHT|| Your decision to fight was a foolish one...don't you remember?? You are low on ammo! You run out of ammo and try to escape, but you can never escape your fate. At least you died on an island!

RETREAT| ENGAGE, IGNORE, EVADE| You make the noble effort to carry your friend to safety, AND you get to reload ammo. You and the rest of the crew tend to your friends wounds and decide to attack the island as a unified front. This decision ends in success as you finally make it to the treasure room and load the loot back on the ship. In order to cash in the loot, you must travel back to the tade post on the main island. You and your lads begin singing sea shanties as you bask in your victory, but this victory is short-lived as you see an enemy ship approaching. Do you a) engage with the ship b) ignore the threat and proceed as if you saw nothing or c) change your path to evade the ship?

TEAM| ENGAGE, IGNORE, EVADE| You and the rest of the crew decide to attack the island as a unified front. This decision ends in success as you finally make it past the defenses to the treasure room and load the loot back on the ship. In order to cash in the loot, you must travel back to the tade post on the main island. You and your lads begin singing sea shanties as you bask in your victory, but this victory is short-lived as you see an enemy ship approaching. Do you a) engage with the ship b) ignore the threat and proceed as if you saw nothing or c) change your path to evade the ship?

ENGAGE| JUMP, TEND| The adrenaline from acquiring the loot has not left your system and you decide to engage with the enemy ship. You load the cannons and begin to fire. You and the enemy are trading blows and both ships have damage. The distance between the ships is closing rapidly and you and your crew must decide whether to a) jump on their ship or b) tend to your own?

JUMP|| You and the lads fear no mortals and jump to the enemy ship and bombard the enemy crew with firebombs. You set their ship ablaze and jump into the water to swim back to your ship. You and the crew sail away and laugh at the enemy crew flailing around in the water, and the sea shanties resume. You make it back to the island with your riches and all the lads end the night at the pub with loud laughter and song.

TEND|| You tend to your ship in hopes of outlasting their fire but the enemy fire is relentless and you lack the manpower to keep up with their attacks. They jump onto your ship and light your ship ablaze. You watch in agony as they jump of your burning ship with you hard-fought loot, but there is nothing more you can do. You and the crew are left with a sunken ship and are unable to swim back to shore. Your quest for riches ends in tragedy.

IGNORE|| You ignore the enemy ship in hopes that they are merely passing by, but you are sadly incorrect in your assumption as they begin firing flaming canon balls from a distance. The enemy fire is relentless and you lack the manpower to keep up with their attacks. They jump onto your ship and light your ship ablaze. You watch in agony as they jump of your burning ship with you hard-fought loot, but there is nothing more you can do. You and the crew are left with a sunken ship and are unable to swim back to shore. Your quest for riches ends in tragedy.

EVADE|| You and the crew change course and evade the enemy ship, and the sea shanties resume after the brief encounter. You make it back to the island with your riches and all the lads end the night at the pub with loud laughter and song.

LOOT| ATTACK, MOVE| You set out on a journey of conquest as you attempt to impose your will and greedy fingers on some unlucky sailors. You see a ship off in the distance, and you see that this is no squad of simpletons. The ship is loaded with loot, and you must decide whether to a) attack or b) move on and look for a more feasible feat.

ATTACK| DISTANCE, CLOSE, STEER| You feel the spirit of napoleon in your breath and decide to launch an attack. As you close in on the enemy ship, you must decide how you plan to overtake the enemy. Do you a) fire cannons from a distance b) close the gap between the ships and attack by hand or c) use your ship to try to steer them into crashing?

DISTANCE|| Your attack from the distance is noble, but you lack the firepower to take down the enemy ship. You hear their laughter as they sail away in victory, but you will not take this defeat lightly. You continue to sail. You see a smaller ship in the distance and impose your Ares-like wrath on enemies. You loot their riches and end the day in victory.

CLOSE|| You close in on the enemy ship and jump aboard with vigor and the strength of the gods, but this strength is quickly squandered as their defenses are nothing to joke about. You quickly realize the gravity of the decision you just made, but it is too late for recovery. The enemy crew takes your crew as hostages and locks you up in brig of the ship. Your journey ends in shackles.

STEER|| You choose strategy over man-power and use your ship to steer the enemy ship into a giant rock. They crash into the rock and their ship begins to sink due to the damage. Your crew pounces on this weakness and jumps aboard to grab as much loot as possible. You and your crew managed to bring home more loot than ever before and celebrate this victory at the pub and end the night with sea shanties beautiful enough to make a grown man cry.

MOVE|| You continue to sail. You see a smaller ship in the distance and impose your Ares-like wrath on enemies. You loot their riches and end the day in victory and song.